NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"
WE DARK SIGNERS HAVE
ONLY ONE WAY
OF SAYING "HELLO."
IF YOU WANT A DUEL,
ROMAN, FOLLOW ME!
LEAD THE WAY, FRIEND.
LET'S DUEL!
OHH! RALLY?!
MISS YOUR FRIEND?
I FREED HIS SPIRIT
SO HE COULD DUEL YOU
INSTEAD OF ME!
YOU CAN'T!
I WON'T DUEL
MY FRIEND!
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE!
Rally: I KNOW YOU'D RATHER
GET SENT TO THE NETHERWORLD
THAN DUEL ME, YUSEI.
THAT'S WHY I HAVE
TO END THIS DUEL
ON MY OWN TERMS.
[GROANING]
RALLY!
OH NO.
YOU CAN BRING
US BACK.
I KNOW... YOU WILL.
WELL I CERTAINLY
WASN'T EXPECTING
THAT OUTCOME.
HEH! NO WONDER THE HUMAN
RACE IS GOING EXTINCT,
NO ONE'S SELFISH ANYMORE.
NOW BE KIND, THEY DID
JUST LOSE SOME FRIENDS
TO THE SHADOWS.
ARE THEY...
GONE? YOU'RE PALS
ARE WITH US
AND ALL THE OTHERS LOST
FROM THIS TRASH HEAP
YOU CALL A TOWN.
WANNA GET'EM BACK?
WELL I'M RIGHT
HERE, YUSEI. HEH!
OR, ARE YOU SCARED?
HA HA HA!
YEAH. I'M SCARED.
SCARED ABOUT WHAT
I'M GOING TO DO
TO YOU, KALIN!
AS FAR AS
I'M CONCERNED,
YOUR DARK DECKS
ARE ABOUT TO
BE DESTROYED!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Yusei: ALRIGHT, DARK SIGNERS,
THIS IS IT.
IT'S TIME TO PAY
FOR WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
WELL BEFORE YOU TRY
AND CASH OUT,
I HAVE SOMETHING
THE LITTLE GIRL MIGHT
BE LOOKING FOR.
THAT'S ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON!
I BELIEVE THIS CARD
SHOULD BE IN YOUR DECK.
NOW IF YOU WANT TO GET
THIS CARD BACK,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
COME BATTLE ME.
AND IN CASE YOU'RE
WONDERING WHO I AM...
MY NAME IS DEVACK.
AND I BEAR
THE MARK OF THE MONKEY.
Roman: HA HA HA!
FATE HAS FINALLY
BROUGHT US TOGETHER...
SIGNER AND DARK SIGNER.
LET US MEET TOMORROW,
AT THE FOUR STARS
OF DESTINY.
THE END WILL
BE DECIDED THERE.
OH!
Yusei: WOAH, WHERE DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE GOIN'!?
DON'T YOU WALK
AWAY FROM ME, ROMAN!
YUSEI, WAIT!
GUYS, COME BACK!
HEY!
COME ON!
LET'S DO THIS RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW!
Roman: HA HA HA!
DON'T BE SO IMPATIENT,
YUSEI.
WE CAN'T BATTLE HERE,
WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO.
WHADDYA MEAN WE'RE
NOT SUPPOSED TO!?
IT SOUNDS TO ME
LIKE YOU'RE SCARED!
DON'T BE A FOOL.
JUST COME TO THE FOUR
STARS OF DESTINY.
WE'LL BE WAITING.
I'M DONE PLAYING
YOUR LITTLE GAMES!
GET OUT HERE!
GET OUT HERE
AND DUEL ME!
HEY, YOU!
YEAH, YOU!
WHY DO YOU
LOOK FAMILIAR??
I DON'T...
I DON'T
BELIEVE IT...
CARLY! IS THAT YOU?
YES.
WHAT'S GOING
ON HERE?
YOU CAN'T REALLY BE
A DARK SIGNER.
IF IT'S ANSWERS
THAT YOU WANT,
YOU'LL HAVE TO COME
FIND ME TOMORROW.
UNTIL THEN, JACK!
[CHILDREN CRYING]
I'M SO SORRY, DR. SCHMIT!
ALL OF THIS...
IT'S ALL BECAUSE OF ME.
AND MARTHA,
SHE'S REALLY GONE?
I'M AFRAID SO.
I WAS WITH HER,
I SHOULDA BEEN ABLE
TO SAVE HER.
BUT I WASN'T ABLE TO
GRAB HOLD OF HER IN TIME.
[MOANING]
IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
IT'S MY FAULT.
NO IT'S NOT, IT'S MY
FAULT FOR TRYING
TO HELP YUSEI.
NO, IT'S MY FAULT
FOR NOT SAYING DON'T GO.
[SOBBING]
THAT'S ENOUGH!
KNOCK IT OFF,
YOU DOLTS!
STOP TRYING TO
TAKE CREDIT
FOR EVERYTHING!
WHAT HE MEANS IS...
YOU'RE NOT
THE ONES TO BLAME.
THIS IS ALL
THE DARK SIGNERS' DOING.
THEY'VE TAKEN MARTHA,
AND MY FRIENDS.
WE'RE NOT GONNA SIT AROUND
AND BLAME OURSELVES
FOR THINGS
THE BAD GUYS DID.
BUT I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
WE ARE GONNA DO ABOUT IT.
WE'RE GONNA DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND GET EVERYONE BACK!
WAIT ONE MOMENT.
ARE YOU REALLY SAYING
THAT YOU CAN BRING
EVERYONE BACK?
THAT'S RIGHT.
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
EVERYTHING THAT'S
HAPPENED SO FAR
BOTH HERE AND IN
NEW DOMINO CITY
HAS BEEN THE WORK
OF AN EVIL POWER,
DR. SCHMIDT.
THE DESTRUCTION OF
THE TWO CITIES...
THE MYSTICAL SYMBOLS
APPEARING,
THE CRAZY LIGHTS SUDDENLY
ERUPTING FROM THE DEPTHS
OF THE EARTH...
THE MYSTERIOUS FOG THAT
CAME OUT OF NOWHERE
AND COVERED EVERYTHING.
THE DARK SIGNERS
CAUSED IT ALL.
THEY'RE USING THE ENERGY
OF THE PEOPLE TAKEN
TO GAIN MORE POWER.
SO IF YOU DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS,
EVERYTHING GOES BACK
TO NORMAL?
YES.
YOU CAN REALLY
GET MARTHA BACK?
AND EVERYONE ELSE?!
YEAH. WE REALLY CAN.
GUYS, MY FRIENDS AND I ARE
GONNA FIX EVERYTHING,
I PROMISE...
BUT RIGHT NOW,
YOU HAVE TO STAY POSITIVE.
YOU NEED TO BE BRAVE
AND HELP TAKE CARE
OF EVERYONE THAT'S
STILL HERE.
WE GOTTA HEAD OUT SOON,
BUT I PROMISE
WE'LL BE BACK.
THANKS FOR EVERYTHING.
OF COURSE.
WE'RE COUNTING
ON YOU.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL.
TRY TO GET SOME SLEEP,
YOU GUYS OKAY?
WE'LL TRY.
GOOD NIGHT, YUSEI.
SO THAT WAS QUITE
THE PROMISE YOU
MADE OUT THERE.
WE DEFEAT THE DARK
SIGNERS...
AND THEN EVERYONE
WHO DISAPPEARED
WILL JUST MAGICALLY
"REAPPEAR."
YOU DON'T KNOW
THAT'S TRUE.
I KNOW.
SO WHY LIE?
WE EXPECT YOU TO
TELL THE TRUTH!
LOOK. THAT'S SOMETHING
I JUST NEED TO BELIEVE.
WHAT ABOUT THE KIDS,
THEY DESERVE BETTER
THAN THAT DON'T THEY?
HEY, COME ON!
EVERYONE
UPSET, YUSEI'S
JUST TRYING TO GIVE
US A LITTLE HOPE!
STUPID HOPE!
Akiza: I'M WITH YUSEI.
IF WE'RE GONNA
WIN THIS,
WE HAVE TO BELIEVE
THAT WE CAN PROTECT
THE PEOPLE STILL HERE
AND BRING EVERYONE ELSE BACK.
THIS FROM THE GIRL
WHO TERRIFIED EVERYONE
AROUND HER WITH HER
ANGER MANAGEMENT ISSUES.
YEAH N' YOU KNOW WHAT?
NO ONE BELIEVED
I COULD CHANGE!
EXCEPT FOR YUSEI,
AND HE FOUGHT FOR ME.
SO IF HE SAYS THAT WE
HAVE THE POWER TO BRING
EVERYONE BACK,
THEN I BELIEVE HIM!
IT DOESN'T REALLY
MATTER WHAT YOU BELIEVE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
NO MATTER WHAT YOU
THINK'LL HAPPEN
AFTERWARDS,
YOU HAVE TO REVERSE
THE REACTOR.
EXACTLY. WE HAVE TO
DO WHAT GOODWIN
TOLD US TO DO.
HMM.
FINE. LET'S
GO BE HEROES.
I HAVE A QUESTION.
THAT DEVACK GUY SAID
THEY'D BE WAITING
AT "THE FOUR STARS
OF DESTINY,"
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHAT THOSE ARE?
MY GUESS IS
THAT HE'S REFERRING
TO THE FOUR CONTROL UNITS
THAT WERE BUILT TO MAINTAIN
THE ORIGINAL REACTOR.
WELL, AREN'T YOU SMART.
ACCORDING TO
THE REPORTS,
THEY WERE
THE FIRST PART
OF THE SYSTEM
TO BREAK
WHEN THE REACTOR
REACTED.
DURING DEVELOPMENT,
EACH INDIVIDUAL
CONTROL UNIT
WENT BY A CODE NAME...
IN THE QUECHUA LANGUAGE,
THEY MEAN
THE GIANT, THE LIZARD,
THE HUMMINGBIRD,
AND THE MONKEY.
THOSE ARE THE NAZCA LINES
THAT DISAPPEARED!
ISN'T THERE
A SPIDER, TOO
WHAT ABOUT THAT?
Mina: THE SPIDER IS URU...
WHICH WAS THE CODE NAME
FOR THE REACTOR ITSELF.
IN ORDER TO REVERSE
THE REACTOR AND STOP
THE FLOW OF NEGATIVE ENERGY,
YOU HAVE TO GO TO EACH
OF THOSE CONTROL UNITS
AND TURN THEM ON.
THAT ROMAN GUY IS
THE SPIDER, RIGHT?
DOES THAT MEAN
HE'S THE BOSS?
HOW ARE THEY SUPPOSED
TO TURN ON THESE CONTROL
UNIT THINGAMAJIGS?
THE DRAGON CARDS
IN YOUR DECKS...
THOSE WERE
THE CARDS USED
TO POWER UP EACH
OF THE CONTROL UNITS.
SO, LUNA,
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
THAT YOU GET ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON BACK
FROM DEVACK.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
ALL OF THIS?
BECAUSE PROFESSOR FUDO
ENTRUSTED THOSE CARDS
TO DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
MY FATHER HAD
THOSE CARDS?
WOAH, HANG ON
A SEC.
SO ROMAN WAS LYING
ABOUT MY FATHER
LOOKING
THE OTHER WAY?
Mina: WHY DID PROFESSOR FUDO
HAVE ALL THE CONTROL CARDS?
IS HE THE ONE WHO
SHUT DOWN THE UNITS
AND CAUSED THE REACTOR
TO MALFUNCTION?
NO. JUST
THE OPPOSITE.
HE TRIED TO
SAVE THEM.
HE DID EVERYTHING
HE COULD TO STOP
THE REACTOR
FROM GOING WILD.
DURING THOSE FINAL
MOMENTS, HE MANAGED
TO GET THE CARDS...
AND THEN HAND THEM
OFF TO ME.
IS THAT ALL, MINA?
DID GOODWIN SAY
ANYTHING ELSE
ABOUT MY FATHER?
NO, THAT'S IT.
HE JUST SAID THAT YOUR
FATHER GAVE HIM THE CARDS.
SO IF GOODWIN HAD
THOSE CARDS,
HOW DID EVERYONE ELSE
END UP WITH 'EM?
I GUESS YOU COULD SAY
THAT I DECIDED TO
RELEASE THE CARDS
"INTO THE WILD."
I WANTED TO TEST
THE POWERS OF DESTINY.
I WANTED TO SEE IF
THEY WOULD TRAVEL
FROM DUELIST
TO DUELIST.
DON'T YOU SEE?
I FIGURED IF
DESTINY REALLY
WAS AT WORK,
THEN IT WOULD
EVENTUALLY PUT
THOSE CARDS
INTO THE HANDS
OF THE SIGNERS.
AND SURE ENOUGH,
THE VERY CARDS USED
TO POWER
THE ORIGINAL REACTOR'S
CONTROL UNITS
SO MANY YEARS AGO...
GUESS WHO HAS
THEM NOW?
JACK ATLAS,
YUSEI FUDO, AND AKIZA.
DESTINY REALLY
IS GUIDING US.
THE SIGNERS WILL BE
THE ONES TO REVERSE
THE FLOW
OF NEGATIVE ENERGY.
THEY WILL GO
TO SATELLITE,
AND THEY WILL BATTLE
THE DARK SIGNERS.
Jack: WELL, SINCE
GOODWIN SEEMS TO KNOW
SO MUCH ABOUT DESTINY,
HE MUST KNOW
HOW THIS WHOLE THING
IS GONNA TURN OUT, RIGHT?
IT DOESN'T WORK LIKE THAT,
HE DOESN'T KNOW
THE FUTURE.
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
BUT GOODWIN IS DONE
PLAYING HIS PART.
THE BATON HAS
BEEN PASSED.
THE REST IS UP TO YOU...
ALL OF YOU.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD HAS
BEEN PUT INTO YOUR HANDS.
HERE'S THE LOCATION
OF THE FOUR CONTROL STATIONS...
GIANT, HUMMINGBIRD,
LIZARD, AND MONKEY.
THEY'RE PRETTY
SPREAD OUT.
Trudge:
WHAT'S THE PLAN?
HIT ALL THESE UNITS
UP ONE BY ONE?
Jack: THAT WOULD
BE A HUGE WASTE
OF TIME.
BESIDES, A DUEL
IS ONE-ON-ONE.
WE'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO SPLIT UP
AND GO SOLO.
FOUR SIGNERS...
FOUR CONTROL STATIONS...
IT'S A NO-BRAINER.
WHO KNOWS, MAYBE THIS
IS MORE OF GOODWIN'S
DESTINY AT WORK.
Luna: WE WERE JUST
STARTING TO BECOME
A REAL TEAM.
Yusei: WE'RE STILL
A TEAM, LUNA.
ALL OF US,
EVEN IF WE'RE APART...
WE'RE STILL FIGHTING
FOR THE SAME THING.
I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHO'S GOING WHERE?
I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT THE MARK
OF THE GIANT IS KALIN,
SO I'LL GO THERE.
HE AND I HAVE BUSINESS.
THE LIZARD
IS MISTY'S MARK.
I'LL HEAD OVER
TO THAT STATION.
DEVACK IS
THE MONKEY,
AND I HAVE
TO GET ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON,
SO I'M GONNA
GO TAKE HIM ON.
AND I'M GONNA
GO SO I CAN
ROOT FOR YA'!
SO THE HUMMINGBIRD
MUST BE...
IF IT'S ANSWERS
THAT YOU WANT,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
COME FIND ME TOMORROW.
THAT OTHER GIRL.
YOU KIDS WANNA
RIDE TO YOUR BATTLE
IN A SECTOR
PATROL CAR?
MM-HMM.
AND IF ITS OKAY I'LL
GO WITH YOU, AKIZA.
SURE.
GUESS I'M STUCK
AT HOME AGAIN,
WATCHING THE KIDS.
HOPE YOU ALL
HAVE FUN SAVING
THE WORLD.
WE WILL.
ALRIGHT, TOMORROW
WE SAVE OUR HOMES.
THIS IS IT,
YOU GUYS.
ARE YOU READY, LUNA?
YUP!
HEY, I'M READY, TOO!
GOOD LUCK.
COME ON, YUSEI, WE'VE
GOT DUELS TO DUEL,
GIVE US A ROUSING SPEECH
AND LET'S BE GONE!
ALRIGHT GUYS...
THE DARK SIGNERS
ARE POWERFUL...
AND RIGHT NOW,
WE'RE THE ONLY THING
STANDING IN THEIR WAY.
IF YOU SHOULD FIND
YOURSELF UP
AGAINST A WALL,
JUST THINK
OF THE REST OF US,
THINK OF YOUR FRIENDS.
WE'RE ALL IN THIS.
AND EVEN WHEN
WE'RE APART...
WE'RE TOGETHER.
NOW LET'S GO SHOW
THESE CREEPS
HOW US SIGNERS
DO THINGS.
Jack: AND IF ANY
OF YOU LOSES YOUR DUEL,
YOU'LL HAVE TO
ANSWER TO ME.
[THINKING]
I'M COMING TO
HELP YOU, CARLY
'CAUSE WHEN I WAS HURT,
YOU TOOK CARE OF ME
AND WHEN I WAS DOWN,
YOU PICKED ME UP.
NOW IT'S MY CHANCE
TO RETURN THE FAVOR.
[CAW]
OHH.
HEY.
AAH! AAH! AAH!
DON'T SCARE ME
LIKE THAT, LUNA!
YOU SCARE ME WHEN
YOU SCREAM LIKE THAT.
SORRY, BUT I'M
ALL WOUND UP,
AND THOSE ARE
THE CREEPIEST BIRDS
I'VE EVER SEEN.
THIS IS WRONG.
YOU SHOULDN'T'VE
COME WITH ME, LEO.
EHH. NAH, DON'T
WORRY ABOUT ME,
I'M JUST PRETENDING
TO BE SCARED
SO THAT YOU DON'T
HAVE TO BE SCARED,
YEAH THAT'S IT,
I'M JUST PRETENDING!
SEE, CHECK IT OUT!
TA DAA!
AND WHAT'S THE POINT
OF YOU WEARING
A DUEL DISK?
HEH HEH HEH.
I'M GETTING READY!
ALRIGHT,
YOU DARK SIGNERS,
COME ON AND GET SOME!
I'M THE ONE WHO'S
GONNA BE DUELING,
NOT YOU.
NOT TOO BRIGHT, IS HE?
[CREATURE SCREAMING]
AAH!
SOMETHING WRONG?
WHAT WAS THAT
SCREAMING JUST NOW?
WHAT SCREAMING,
I DIDN'T HEAR
ANYTHING.
I FIGURED BUT I
JUST THOUGHT THAT YOU
MIGHT'VE HEARD IT
SINCE IT WAS, LIKE,
SO LOUD AND POWERFUL
AND EVERYTHING.
I THINK SOMEONE
FROM THE SPIRIT WORLD
IS CALLING OUT
TO ME OR SOMETHING.
WHO DOES IT
SOUND LIKE,
IS IT ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON?
HEY, WHAT'S WITH ALL THIS
SPIRIT WORLD" TALK?
LUNA CAN TALK
TO DUEL MONSTER
SPIRITS
FROM
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
WHA? HOW STUPID DO
YOU THINK I AM?
NO! IT'S REALLY TRUE!
RIGHT, OF COURSE,
AND MY SISTER CAN FLY.
SHE'S GOT MAGIC WINGS
MADE OF GOLD.
JERK. LUNA CAN TALK
TO SPIRITS.
YOU'RE JUST
JEALOUS 'CAUSE YOU'RE
A BORING ORDINARY GUY
WITH NO SPECIAL POWERS.
[KURIBON CHIRPING]
HUH?
KURIBON,
WHAT'S WRONG?
SOMETHING BAD'S
HAPPENING
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD,
ISN'T IT?
WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO?
BE RIGHT THERE.
HUH?
THAT'S COMING
FROM THE DIRECTION LUNA WENT.
[SCREAMING]
WHAT ARE YOU KIDS
DOING BACK THERE?!
[GRUNTING]
OH! AAH!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S LUNA, SHE'S GONE!
WHAT?!
THAT BIG BRIGHT LIGHT
JUST NOW, I THINK IT
TOOK HER AWAY.
OH, RIGHT, LET ME GUESS,
SHE WAS TRANSPORTED TO
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
EXACTLY!
NUH-UH!!
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
IT IS SO!
SHE WASN'T BEAMED
ANYWHERE.
COME ON, LET'S
LOOK FOR HER.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.
HEY! LUNA!
MAN, GROWN-UPS
NEVER LISTEN.
BUT IF SHE IS WANDERING
OUT HERE ALL ALONE,
THAT WOULDN'T BE GOOD.
LUNA! WHERE ARE YOU?
LUNA! YOU'RE NOT
HERE, RIGHT?
IF YOU ARE HERE,
SAY SOMETHING!
LUNA! YOU GOTTA
BE KIDDING ME.
HEY LUNA COME OUT!
LUNA!
HEY! LUNA!
WOAH!
THAT THING'S PRETTY BIG.
THERE IT IS.
THE MARK OF THE MONKEY.
THIS MUST BE
THE CONTROL UNIT THING
MINA WAS TALKING ABOUT.
HEY, DARK SIGNER MONKEY GUY,
ARE YOU IN THERE?
HELLO! I'M READY TO DUEL.
Devack: I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU, SIGNER.
CHECK IT OUT...
THE MONKEY SYMBOL.
LUNA'S DUEL MUST
BE STARTING.
THE FINAL
ROUND HAS BEGUN.
SO IF I'M IN THE MIDDLE
OF THIS MONKEY BARRIER.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M HERE TO
DUEL YOU!
THAT IS IF YOU
THINK YOU'RE
STRONG ENOUGH
TO TAKE ME ON!
LEO!
IS THIS SOME
KIND OF JOKE?
WHERE'S
THE LITTLE GIRL,
WHY ISN'T SHE HERE?
I TOLD HER TO COME.
YEAH, WELL,
SHE'S BUSY!
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL ME
INSTEAD, MISTER!
I MAY NOT BE A SIGNER,
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I CAN'T ROCK
A DECK.
NOW COME ON. LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'RE MADE OF!
I APPLAUD YOUR
ENTHUSIASM.
I REALLY DO.
BUT I AM AFRAID THAT
YOU SIMPLY DO NOT HAVE
THE POWER
TO MATCH ME, BOY.
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT!
IF YOU INSIST
ON BEING DESTROYED,
SO BE IT.
LET'S DUEL!
LEO, GET OUTTA THERE,
DON'T BE A FOOL.
HUH?
YUSEI!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I TURNED AROUND WHEN
I SAW THAT PILLAR
OF LIGHT.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WELL, FIRST LUNA
DISAPPEARED TO
WHO KNOWS WHERE.
SHE WHAT?
SHE MUST'VE GONE TO
THE SPIRIT WORLD
FOR SOME REASON.
GREAT, NOW YOU'RE BABBLING
ABOUT SPIRIT WORLDS
AND FAIRY TALES?
IT'S NOT A FAIRY TALE,
IT'S REAL.
LUNA MUST'VE GONE
TO RESCUE ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON.
ANCIENT WHAT?!
I'LL EXPLAIN LATER,
RIGHT NOW,
WE GOTTA STOP
THIS DUEL.
HEY, DEVACK!
THAT KID'S NOT A SIGNER.
YOU CAN'T DUEL HIM!
I WARNED HIM, AND ONCE
A SHADOW DUEL BEGINS...
IT CANNOT BE STOPPED.
NOT UNTIL SOMEBODY
WINS, THAT IS.
ERR.
LET'S GET THIS
BATTLE GOING.
IT'S MY TURN!
I DRAW!
AWESOME!
I SUMMON
MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
WITH MORPHTRONIC
MAGNEN IN PLAY,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
ANY OTHER MONSTER
ON MY FIELD!
NOW, I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND ENDING MY TURN.
[THINKING]
BY LAYING MY
MORPHTRANSITION
TRAP CARD
FACEDOWN...
I CAN TRIGGER
ITS EFFECT AND
NEGATE ANY ATTACK
MY MORPHTRONIC
MONSTERS MIGHT TAKE.
AND THEN, IF I'M ABLE
TO SUMMON ANOTHER
MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN
ON MY NEXT TURN...
I'LL CREATE
A MAGNETIC LOCK
THAT'LL STOP HIM
FROM ATTACKING
COMPLETELY!
LEO, STOP THIS!
YOU GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO GET OUTTA THIS DUEL!
NO WAY.
DON'T YOU GET IT?
IF I DEFEAT DEVACK,
LUNA WON'T HAVE
TO DUEL HIM!
HEH HEH HEH.
LEO...
ALL WE CAN DO
NOW IS HOPE HE
CAN BEAT THIS GUY.
OHH. THE SPIRIT WORLD.
I MADE IT BACK.
THAT LIGHT MUST HAVE
BROUGHT ME HERE.
OH HEY, KURIBON.
THE MOUNTAIN WHERE
ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
WAS SEALED AWAY.
WAS SHE THE ONE
SCREAMING OUT BEFORE?
IT'S MY TURN, BOY.
I DRAW!
AND I SUMMON MAGICIAN APE
IN ATTACK MODE.
Computer: WHEN MAGICIAN APE
IS IN ATTACK MODE
YOU CAN GAIN CONTROL OF ONE
OF YOUR OPPONENT'S MONSTERS
BY SENDING ONE CARD IN
YOUR HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD.
[THINKING]
I USUALLY HATE
MAGICAL PRIMATES.
BUT SINCE THIS THING'S
TOO WEAK TO DESTROY
MY MAGNEN, I DON'T
MIND IT TO MUCH.
JUST AS LONG AS I
DON'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT ANY SPECIAL
ABILITIES OR ANYTHING.
I NOW ACTIVATE MAGICIAN APE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHICH MEANS THAT
ONCE A TURN,
IF I TAKE ONE CARD
FROM MY HAND
AND SEND IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
MAGICIAN APE IS ABLE
TO TAKE CONTROL OF ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AND WITH THAT OUT
OF THE WAY
MAGICIAN APE ATTACKS
YOU DIRECTLY!
AAH! AAH!
LEO!
[SCREAMING]
THAT SOUNDED LIKE
LEO JUST NOW.
YOU DON'T THINK HE'S
DUELING DO YOU, KURIBON?
MAN, THAT REALLY
SMARTED.
THAT WAS WORSE THAN
WHEN I DUELED SAYER.
NOW YOU KNOW THE TRUE POWER
OF A SHADOW DUEL.
DON'T WORRY.
I WILL TRY TO SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD
WITH AS LITTLE PAIN
AS POSSIBLE.
THAT IS THE ONLY MERCY
I CAN SPARE YOU.
LUNA...
LEO...
ERR.
[GRUNTS]